Update README files (#14)
canonical/http-proxy-operators: http-proxy-policy-operator/README.md

Reviewer: I think it would be good to add a small README at the root of this repository that explains the structure, similar to [content-cache-operator](https://github.com/canonical/content-cache-operator/tree/main) or [dns-operators](https://github.com/canonical/dns-operators)

Author: Added, thanks!

# HTTP proxy policy charm 

[![CharmHub Badge](https://charmhub.io/http-proxy-policy/badge.svg)](https://charmhub.io/http-proxy-policy)
[![Publish to edge](https://github.com/canonical/http-proxy-operators/actions/workflows/publish.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/canonical/http-proxy-operators/actions/workflows/publish.yaml/badge.svg)
[![Promote charm](https://github.com/canonical/http-proxy-operators/actions/workflows/promote_charm.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/canonical/http-proxy-operators/actions/workflows/promote_charm.yaml)
[![Discourse Status](https://img.shields.io/discourse/status?server=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscourse.charmhub.io&style=flat&label=CharmHub%20Discourse)](https://discourse.charmhub.io)

> The HTTP proxy policy is a charm in the family of policy charms, used to filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP proxy policy is a charm in the family of policy charms used to filter
```

relations that request resources. In the case of the HTTP proxy policy charm, 
it receives `http-proxy` relations, filters them based on rules set by the 
administrator, combines the requests, and forwards them to the backend. The 
charm provides a web interface built using the Django framework, which system
administrators can use to approve or reject HTTP proxy requests and modify the
filtering rules as mentioned before.

Like any Juju charm, this charm supports one-line deployment, configuration, 
integration, scaling, and more. For the Charmed HTTP proxy policy, this 
includes:

* Automatically deploying and setting up the HTTP proxy policy server
* Initial user management for the HTTP proxy policy web portal

For information on how to deploy, integrate, and manage this charm, see 
the official [HTTP proxy policy charm documentation](https://charmhub.io/http-proxy-policy).

## Get started

In this section, we will deploy the HTTP proxy policy charm and explore its web
interface.

You’ll need a workstation, such as a laptop, with sufficient resources to launch
a virtual machine with 4 CPUs, 8 GB RAM, and 50 GB of disk space.

### Set up

> You can follow the tutorial [here](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/3.6/howto/manage-your-deployment/manage-your-deployment-environment/#set-things-up)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the how-to guide [here](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/3.6/howto/manage-your-deployment/manage-your-deployment-environment/#set-things-up)
```
